rpc: Use Wrap instead of Errorf error (#3686)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### IMPROVEMENTS:

> * http rpc client will return wrapped error, can use errors.Cause() to get error code for handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [rpc] [\#3686](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/3686) `HTTPClient#Call` returns wrapped errors, so a caller could use `errors.Cause` to retrieve an error code.
```
